[Music]
okay so it is start this trip
currently we are going I'm going down to
the airport it's about seven sixteen at
night or in the evening and headed down
to catch a nine o'clock flying and Alice
just finished up once my cute basketball
game jump on Southwest quick flight go
to the hotel and
[Music]
to the employee parking we go now we
find the smile so just got here and the
time now is 7:40 so all things being
normal
get on the bus find of us get our stuff
and should take us take me just a second
to clear here so the other thing is yes
once we lock the key the keys in the
suitcase immediately zip it up got to do
that I must do that because that's a bad
day and sim I remember will reverse
[Music]
grace
[Applause]
[Music]
me too me kitty okay it is
10:34 just got to the hotel
I always carry popular thing always cuz
do a nice little quick treat got a nice
little pop horn and horse the waters but
I scream from the front desk oh yeah
[Music]
okay so really what I'll do at this
point time is just check over the flight
plan take a look at it and look at the
NOTAM some have already looked at
everything before but check it one more
time just make sure nothing's popped up
we have to be most updated winds all
that kind of stuff and so get a good
idea better idea what the fuel is gonna
be in the morning and yeah just double
check everything make sure we're all
good to go so what can I see that right
now if you want so let's see we're
taking off makini so what I'm kidding
right now we have IFR conditions tap tap
the morning right scream marginal till
3:00
overcast there
and we're going to Stateville in
Statesville nearest town
so it's all good winds up north scatter
25,000 spires at 9:00 after that sort of
zero or broken it tin expires it's a
good so here's our flight plan to do our
unit
now let's see your 2006 ass to prepare
their about that much fuel forgiveness
here's a runner here put in that's
pretty good
I'm just here to get it supposed to be
let me finish like so it was good about
morning fun stuff is done
we chop those all right : there warn't
the south end of the DFW Airport need to
catch flying everything's looking
actually pretty good moving up into that
location there but going from the north
into the airport
[Music]
they're always a men's way
sweeps New Guinea y'all just let me know
if it gets too warm
oh okay
[Music]
I don't believe me oh it's there all
right it's overrated Statesville it's
what we do so we're live
Carter you want this leg or do you want
me to catch it I'll take this oh unit
okay
juice
systems
[Music]
fire detection tests good got some pumps
on a peon big stuff
yes
[Music]
three minutes
you guys back on
the power
so now we're to the GPS system where
the other guys out back to giving us a
copy
thank you
systems lighting
yes
but Emily said this my feels it's
perfect that is absolutely perfect thank
you so much
the stores
she has turn
thank you and there's a coffee pot pack
right there yep if we can just put some
coffee in there that'd be awesome
awesome thank you anything else Hilda
day-night Citra thank you
that's a Tama subject
great alum into our setup flow so
obviously just did now we're gonna check
our systems electrical system is good
their generators or EP use like power
hydraulic system test that now
so the EPU or ramps are good to
hydraulic powers to test it make sure
excuse disconnected
here now we're gonna get a deduction
we're gonna move this now these answers
are coming down
these often we should get alarm
[Music]
navigation there it is perfect and we
see in here
nekron took the trims cut off this trim
six second strand
all right going ran our vectors Cousteau
five loose transition s file runway
heading three thousand three nine o and
ten twenty four point three two two
three four in the Box got the cockpit
all set up we're gonna go in the back
and see if there are needs any help
there being good to go
and then we'll come up and we'll do our
brief once we're broke up here so go in
the back help him out but do a walk
around make sure everything's good on
the outside always double check so
incorporate you don't only have to worry
about the front you know so if we're
about the back and this point we don't
have a plighted in it so it is up to us
to get everything good to go so it will
pilot right there he also has the vacuum
sometimes
all right
oh no no problem
[Music]
eat
all right so we got here a little after
7:00 30s now eight planes basically
ready to go so just gonna do a quick
walk around journals already done it but
we want to get things like this right
here is bad thing if you kind of you
will not be allowed to steer the
airplane at that's on
[Music]
looks good
why
[Music]
so here's the deal spent thousands of
dollars lots of time get all my pilot
ratings and all that kind of stuff
spend time and the regional is corporate
you know built some time what's the most
important thing this morning
this glass must be clean so I missed it
dishes go figure
welcome to the world of corporate
everything in there is our
responsibility
sitting over it
I said
check
check on the fence
fine
checked
check
step
but on
judge
shift the house and tested
Bible bored awesome I think are on the
CUSO 5-3000 hitting weather here
everything is fine little Buffy when we
get out of here a little system over
Arkansas Louisiana or something like
that other than that it's nice to have
nice tell when about a buck fifty five
total
dude it's it man weather over the state
still looks really good
other than that we'll do the take off
proof when we roll in keep any questions
awesome
are you got your gold right now the
right
that's our AZ bed so Mike have you been
doing this to give back
[Music]
in starship
there goes blue line
three morning jet is exactly right
to wake up too cold for it man
dude
all right buddy she ready already I got
tubs
[Music]
you
alright well that was a flight
the helicopter coming in that was our
flight we're gonna pin the aircraft a
couple things we have to do we had an
APU issue and we when we started today
so we're gonna troubleshoot that get
this an aircraft picture that we're
going to be good to go by the time
they'll be time to leave a couple days
but let's have the flight that's the
morning after this ring go to the hotel
relax but first we're be busy putting
this airplane fixing out the problem is
get with maintenance stick with other
people to make sure that we we can
figure out what this APU issue is like
most things it probably will not be we
probably can't repeat it on the ground
we'll play with that for a little bit
but that is kind of what the point looks
like enjoy it
[Music]
you